Add alert for chat support, update nav (#22453)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/support/_index.md

## Reaching out on chat

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Chat is available any business day between the hours of 10:00 and 19:00 Eastern Time (ET). Chat is not available for HIPAA enabled accounts.</a></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Chat is available any business day between the hours of 10:00 and 19:00 Eastern Time (ET). Chat is not available for HIPAA-enabled accounts.</a></div>
```

> To get started, click **Support** on the left panel of your Datadog Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, click **Support** on the bottom-left corner of the navigation menu.
```
